So happy to get my pre ordered S10. So far i'm impressed with most part. The display is unimaginably awesome, and pics dont do justice.
Don't buy from Amazon. Samsung is not giving galaxy buds and watch offer on devices from AmazonUpdate.Wait for 72 hours after inserting simAnd wait for 24 hours before installing Samsung shop before redeeming offer.If you have installed then clear cache and data and uninstall app. Then wait for 24 hours and then try installing and redeeming
The battery life is not very good. It's bad compared to most of the phones on the market today from any segment.
Power adapter doesnt provide fast wireless charging on my existing pads whereas my s8 adapter does. When contacted samsung and visited service station they denied replacement. Very poor support for a premium product. Need return and full refund
- Phone is amazing.  Speed,  display,  software everything is a huge step up for me (Coming from a Nexus 6P).  It's the most fluid phone I have ever used.- Loving all the features included - gestures,  bixby routines, smart capture,  one handed mode,  night mode and loads other stuff.- In- display ultrasonic fingerprint needs some getting used-to, but I'm loving it now.- And oh the phone is a delight to look at, screen turned on or not. The full screen display with the punch cut out is the best implementation for me.  Kudos to Samsung.- Camera in general is both really good,  but front camera during night time needs some work.  Maybe we get a software update and it's better later on.- Battery is not that great.  I foresee myself charging at least twice in a day. It still is learning my usage patterns, so maybe it's better later on but I'm not banking on it. Oh well,  I will use my same office charger as I did before.- Also,  nitpicking,  but the back glass vibrates a bit when the speaker is working. I have to check if everyone has this issue.- Despite all of this,  I have been glued to my phone for the past 3 days, I can't take my eyes and hands off it and I would buy it again.
Its a nice phones does everything a flagship is supposed to do. But the main drawback is the poor battery backup i mean i was using oneplus 6 before this and it was better in battery performance not to forget dash charging.Also the phone is getting heated up while watching videos.Hope a software update comes soon.
I opened the package about 5 mins back and it has heated up terribly. On top of that, when I call up amazon for the replacement policy.. the guy says he needs to prepare a technical report for which I have to download an app which i did but it did not get connected to his server.. the he suggested a technician can come over which for which a slot is available only on monday.. you buy such an expensive product and this is the experience !! Couldn’t have been more disappointed by Both samsung and amazon
Filled with so many features that still exploring after a week of purchasing...Every day knowing another amazing feature....
